# HiCoin
Start Of Efficient Digital HIcoin HICoin has many features and advantages.  It has an ideal HIcoin to transfer anywhere, anytime money to friends HIcoin is a Pos(proof-of-stake) Internet currency that enables instant, near-zero cost payments to anyone in the world.    HIcoin’s Key Features HIcoin features faster transaction confirmation times and improved storage efficiency than the leading math-based currency.  HIcoin is open-source; its design is public, nobody owns or controls HIcoin and everyone can take part.  HIcoin network does not require the use of large-scale, specialized hardware operations.  HIcoin is far more energy-efficient than traditional digital currency networks.  Wallet encryption allows you to secure your wallet, so that you can view transactions and your account balance, but are required to enter your password before spending HIcoins.  This provides protection from wallet-stealing viruses and trojans as well as a sanity check before sending payments. Look for hicoin in more point of sale applications soon with recent addition to merchant services.    SPECIFICATIONS   / POS INTEREST: PoS (Proof-of-Stake) 5% yearly (from non-reserved wallet balance)  / ALGORITHM: Scrypt  / SYMBOL: XHI  / BLOCK TIME: 60 sec  / LAST POW BLOCK: 3600  / TOTAL MONEY SUPPLY: 10,000,000,000 XHI  / BLOCK REWARD: BLOCKS 1-10 (premine): each 1,000,000,000 XHI / BLOCKS 11~3600: 100 XHI  / COIN POS AGE: Min. 1 hour / Max. unlimited  / RPC PORT: 35288 (testnet 45288 )  / P2P PORT: 35289 (testnet 45289 )  / Coin maturity: 100 confirmations | KEY FEATURES Security and control over your money secure against the attacks other digital currencies face due to their reliability on large-scale mining operations  Fast international payments HICoin is the ideal digital currency for face to face transactions and all applications that value speed.  1% compound interest yearly You will earn rewards every few days, depending on the size of your holdings, adding up to 5% interest yearly.  FEATURES MESSAGES Big Miners Back Bitcoin Classic As Scaling Debate Evolves Following a months-long debate on how best to scale the bitcoin network to accommodate a greater number of transactions, bitcoin mining firms are voicing their support for a newly introduced proposal called Bitcoin Classic. Though a new entrant to the debate, Bitcoin Classic so far has the support of bitcoin developers including former Bitcoin Core  Read More admin  01/19/2016  - 5 Must-Read Excerpts from the UK Government’s Blockchain Report “The progress of mankind is marked by the rise of new technologies and the human ingenuity they unlock.” That’s the glowing foreword to a new report on blockchain and distributed ledger tech issued by the UK government’s Chief Scientific Adviser this week. Taking a positive outlook on the emerging technology, the document recommends a broad government initiative to develop and demonstrate blockchain and distributed  Read More admin  01/19/2016  - Is Digital Asset’s $50 Million Funding a Blow to Bitcoin? VCs Weigh In Founded in 2014 and led by CEO and ex-JP Morgan executive Blythe Masters, Digital Asset Holdings had long been the subject of speculation that suggested that, despite its high-profile leadership, the startup was having difficulties raising an initial funding round. All that uncertainty was laid to rest last week, however, when Digital Asset silenced rumors  Read More admin  01/12/2016  0 Our Team Project Manager TIMO SPRAY  Business Development JASON LANE  Art Director TONYA GARCIA  Account Manager ASHLEY SUJAN It Has An Ideal Hicoin To Transfer Anywhere, Anytime Money To Friends. WALLET 
